---
title: "Incident Flag Reasons"
description: "Imported from helpdesk.phishtitan.com"
---

> Source: [helpdesk.phishtitan.com](https://helpdesk.phishtitan.com/support/solutions/articles/4000202548-incident-flag-reasons)
> Product: PhishTitan
> Imported content type: kb_article
> Source folder: Incidents
> Modified: Tue, 28 Oct, 2025 at 3:51 PM

<table width="100%"><colgroup><col width="30%"><col width="70%"></colgroup><thead><tr><th><p>Flag Reason</p></th><th><p>Description</p></th></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td><p>User Reported Phishing</p></td><td><p>A user reported this email as phishing with the TitanHQ for Outlook add-in.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>User Reported Clean</p></td><td><p>A user reported this email as clean with the TitanHQ for Outlook add-in.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Suspicious Text</p></td><td><p>Email Security detected suspicious text in the body of this email.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Malicious Links</p></td><td><p>Email Security detected malicious links in the body of this email. A malicious URL is a link embedded in an email that was created with the purpose of promoting scams, attacks, and frauds. When selected, malicious URLs can download ransomware, or lead to phishing or spearphishing emails.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Phishing</p></td><td><p>Email Security flagged this email as a phishing attempt. Phishing emails attempt to trick&nbsp;people into revealing personal or confidential information which can then be used illicitly; for example, to steal a recipient's money or identity.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Spoofed Display Name</p></td><td><p>Email Security detected a spoofed display name. Email spoofing is the creation of an email with a forged sender address to intentionally mislead a recipient about its origin.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Spam</p></td><td><p>Email Security flagged this email as spam. Spam refers to unsolicited emails that are sent to a large number of recipients, usually as advertising.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Fraud</p></td><td><p>Email Security flagged this email as fraud. Email fraud intentionally deceives the recipient into sharing personal data, such as bank or credit card details.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Graymail</p></td><td><p>Email Security flagged this email as Graymail. Graymail refers to solicited marketing emails and comes from a legitimate source. Recipients once subscribed to them and now may no longer open or read them.</p></td></tr><tr><td><p>Exploited Domains</p></td><td><p>Email Security detected this email as coming from a free email service, which malicious actors frequently use to launch phishing attacks. An alert banner was added as a reminder to users to stay vigilant, even if the email content does not look suspicious.</p></td></tr></tbody></table>
